docs/source/match.rst, before:

Match
=====

.. py:class:: Match

An object of class Match represents the result of a successful find operation. It
has the rectangle dimension of the image, that was used to search. It knows the
point of its upper left corner on an existing monitor, where it was found.  

Since class Match extends class Region, all methods of 
class :py:class:`Region` can be used with a match object.

Creating a Match, Getting Attributes
------------------------------------

A match object is created as the result of an explicit :ref:`find operation
<FindinginsideaRegionandWaitingforaVisualEvent>`. It can be
saved in a variable for later use with actions like :py:meth:`click() <Region.click>`.

It has the rectangle dimension of the image, that was used to search. It knows the
point of its upper left corner on an existing monitor, where it was found. It knows
the similarity it was found with and a click point to be used, if set by a pattern.

.. sikulicode::

	# m is a reference to a match object, if found
	m = find("apple.png")
	print m # message area: Match[10,0 30x22] score=1.00, target=center

	# m is a reference to a match object, if found
	m = find(Pattern("apple.png").similar(0.5).targetOffset(100,0)) 
	print m # message area: Match[10,0 30x22] score=1.00, target=(105,11)

For all other aspects, the features and attributes of class :py:class:`Region`
apply.

.. py:class:: Match

	.. py:method:: getScore()

		Get the similarity score the image or pattern was found. The value is
		between 0 and 1.

	.. py:method:: getTarget()

		Get the :py:class:`location` object that will be used as the click point.

		Typically, when no offset was specified by :py:meth:`Pattern.targetOffset`,
		the click point is the center of the matched region. If an offset was given,
		the click point is the offset relative to the center.

.. _IteratingMatches:

Iterating over Matches after findAll()
--------------------------------------

A find operation :py:meth:`Region.findAll` returns an iterator object that contains
all matches found. It can be stepped through to get each match object in turn.
Remember, that a reference to the iterator of matches is stored in the respective
region and can be accessed using :py:meth:`Region.getLastMatches`.

Important to know:

*	per definition, an iterator can be stepped through only once - it is empty
	afterwards
*	it has to be destroyed manually using ``iteratorMatches.destroy()``, when used with
	``for:`` or ``while:``
*	when used in a ``with:`` construct, it is destroyed automatically

With class :py:class:`Finder` you can read more about the basics of an iterator.
There you find an example, how to save the contained matches for later use.

The methods to use:

*	``hasNext()``: returns True, if there is at least one match left, otherwise False
*	``next()``: returns the next match, if there is at least one match left, otherwise None
*	``destroy()``: destroys the iterator object (releases memory)

Example: using ``while:`` with default screen

.. sikulicode::

	findAll("star.png") # find all matches
	mm = SCREEN.getLastMatches()
	while mm.hasNext(): # loop as long there is a first and more matches
			print "found: ",  mm.next() # access the next match in the row
			
	print mm.hasNext() # is False, because mm is empty now
	print mm.next() # is None, because mm is empty now
	print SCREEN.getLastMatches().hasNext() # is False also ;-)
	mm.destroy() # to save memory
			
Example: using ``with:`` with default screen

.. sikulicode::

	with findAll("star.png") as mm:
		while mm.hasNext(): # loop as long there is a first and more matches
			print "found: ",  mm.next() # access the next match
	# mm will be None afterwards (destroyed automatically)

Commit message:

docs: remove manual iterator destroy instructions, please revise

docs/source/match.rst, after:

Match
=====

.. py:class:: Match

An object of class Match represents the result of a successful find operation. It
has the rectangle dimension of the image, that was used to search. It knows the
point of its upper left corner on an existing monitor, where it was found.  

Since class Match extends class Region, all methods of 
class :py:class:`Region` can be used with a match object.

Creating a Match, Getting Attributes
------------------------------------

A match object is created as the result of an explicit :ref:`find operation
<FindinginsideaRegionandWaitingforaVisualEvent>`. It can be
saved in a variable for later use with actions like :py:meth:`click() <Region.click>`.

It has the rectangle dimension of the image, that was used to search. It knows the
point of its upper left corner on an existing monitor, where it was found. It knows
the similarity it was found with and a click point to be used, if set by a pattern.

.. sikulicode::

	# m is a reference to a match object, if found
	m = find("apple.png")
	print m # message area: Match[10,0 30x22] score=1.00, target=center

	# m is a reference to a match object, if found
	m = find(Pattern("apple.png").similar(0.5).targetOffset(100,0)) 
	print m # message area: Match[10,0 30x22] score=1.00, target=(105,11)

For all other aspects, the features and attributes of class :py:class:`Region`
apply.

.. py:class:: Match

	.. py:method:: getScore()

		Get the similarity score the image or pattern was found. The value is
		between 0 and 1.

	.. py:method:: getTarget()

		Get the :py:class:`location` object that will be used as the click point.

		Typically, when no offset was specified by :py:meth:`Pattern.targetOffset`,
		the click point is the center of the matched region. If an offset was given,
		the click point is the offset relative to the center.

.. _IteratingMatches:

Iterating over Matches after findAll()
--------------------------------------

A find operation :py:meth:`Region.findAll` returns an iterator object that can be
used to fetch all found matches as match objects one by one. A reference to the
iterator is stored in the respective
region and can be accessed using :py:meth:`Region.getLastMatches`.

Important to know:

*	per definition, an iterator can be stepped through only once - it is empty
	afterwards

You can read more about the basics of operations with iterators from the description of
:py:class:`Finder` class. To save contained matches for later use, you can convert them
to list.

.. sikulicode::
        
        findAll("star.png") # find all matches
        mm = list(getLastMatches())

Example: using ``while:`` with default screen

.. sikulicode::

	findAll("star.png") # find all matches
	mm = SCREEN.getLastMatches()
	while mm.hasNext(): # loop as long there is a first and more matches
			print "found: ",  mm.next() # access the next match in the row
			
	print mm.hasNext() # is False, because mm is empty now
	print mm.next() # is None, because mm is empty now
	print SCREEN.getLastMatches().hasNext() # is False also ;-)
			
Example: using ``with:`` with default screen

.. sikulicode::

	with findAll("star.png") as mm:
		while mm.hasNext(): # loop as long there is a first and more matches
			print "found: ",  mm.next() # access the next match
	# mm will be None afterwards (destroyed automatically)
